docs: improve README (#73)
dfinity/stable-structures: README.md

<p>
  <a href="https://crates.io/crates/ic-stable-structures"><img alt="Crate Info" src="https://img.shields.io/crates/v/ic-stable-structures.svg"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/dfinity/stable-structures/blob/master/LICENSE"><img alt="Apache-2.0" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/dfinity/stable-structures"/></a>
  <a href="https://docs.rs/ic-stable-structures"><img alt="API Docs" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/docs.rs-ic--stable--structures-blue"/></a>
  <a href="https://forum.dfinity.org/"><img alt="Chat on the Forum" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/help-post%20on%20forum.dfinity.org-blue"></a>
</p>

# Stable Structures

A collection of scalable data structures for the [Internet Computer](https://internetcomputer.org) that persist across upgrades.

> Stable stuctures are designed to directly use stable memory as the backing store, allowing
> them to grow to GiBs in size without the need for `pre_upgrade`/`post_upgrade` hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stable structures are designed to use stable memory as the backing store, allowing them to grow to gigabytes in size without the need for `pre_upgrade`/`post_upgrade` hooks.
```

## Background

> The conventional approach to canister state persistence is to serialize the entire state to stable memory in the pre_upgrade hook and decode it back in the post_upgrade hook. This approach is easy to implement and works well for relatively small datasets. Unfortunately, it does not scale well and can render a canister non-upgradable.

Reviewer: It's unclear how we split the text into lines in this document.
My favorite approach is to have one sentence per line; this dramatically simplifies looking at diffs and providing suggestions on code reviews.

```suggestion
The conventional approach to canister state persistence is to serialize the entire state to stable memory in the `pre_upgrade` hook and decode it back in the `post_upgrade` hook.
This approach is easy to implement and works well for relatively small datasets.
Unfortunately, it does not scale well and can render a canister non-upgradable.
```

Author: Agreed. I made some more updates to make each sentence its own separate line. Thanks for the suggestion.

about the philosophy behind the library, see [Roman's tutorial on stable structures](https://mmapped.blog/posts/14-stable-structures.html).

## Available Data Structures

- [BTreeMap]: A Key-Value store
- [Vec]: A growable array
- [Log]: An append-only list of variable-size entries
- [Cell]: A serializable value

## How it Works

Stable structures are able to work directly in stable memory because each data structure manages
its own memory. When initializing a stable structure, a memory is provided that the data structure
can use to store its data.

Here's a basic example:

```rust
use ic_stable_structures::{BTreeMap, DefaultMemoryImpl};
let mut map: BTreeMap<u64, u64, _> = BTreeMap::init(DefaultMemoryImpl::default());

map.insert(1, 2);
assert_eq!(map.get(&1), Some(2));
```

Memories are abstracted with the [Memory] trait, and stable structures can work with any storage
backend that implements this trait. This includes stable memory, a vector
([VectorMemory]), or even a flat file ([FileMemory]).

The example above initializes a [BTreeMap] with a [DefaultMemoryImpl], which maps to stable memory
when used in a canister and to a [VectorMemory] otherwise.

> Note that **each stable structure needs a separate memory.** For example, this fails
> when run in a canister:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that **stable structures cannot share memories.**
Each memory must belong to only one stable structure.
For example, this fails when run in a canister:
```
